Just what?
It's just that you're going to continue kneeling on the washboard tonight
Kneel until this princess is satisfied before getting up
Work, please.
Can you change the punishment?
Hmm, no.
Middle Road Consort
I heard about this year's lantern festival
Some unexpected red oranges and milliliters
Will come to the palace
Much more lively than in previous years
Liu Shishi asked me to meet again tonight
I don't know
Is he willing to tell the truth he created?
fly
What are you thinking about?
Nothing.
Is there no need to guess lantern riddles at the lantern fair?
Let the princess see tonight
How hurried is the cultivation of the concubine?
Maybe.
You can't compare to ordinary people
Third brother, are you here to watch the lantern festival too?
Yes!
This prince of the official imperial capital is here
How could I not?
Xiaowuqin
How can I hear something in your words?
The third prince is busy with the doctor all day
There are still idle unions participating in the lantern fair
It really confused the ghosts